feat(curriculum): add Artifact Provenance Auditor workshop (#68860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-artifact-provenance-auditor/6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086a.md

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086a
title: Step 11
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

> Artifacts move between galleries over time, and each move is recorded as a new entry in the `locations` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As artifacts move between galleries over time, each move is recorded as a new entry in the `locations` array.
```

> Create a function named `moveArtifact` with parameters `id`, `gallery`, and `year`. Look up the artifact with `collection[id]`. If the artifact exists, push a new object with the given `gallery` and `year` onto its `locations` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `moveArtifact` function with the parameters `id`, `gallery`, and `year`. Find the artifact using `collection[id]`. If it exists, push a new object with the `gallery` and `year` to its `locations` array.
```

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086a
title: Step 11
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

> Artifacts move between galleries over time, and each move is a new entry in the `locations` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Artifacts move between galleries over time, and each move is recorded as a new entry in the `locations` array.
```

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086a
title: Step 11
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

Artifacts move between galleries over time, and each move is a new entry in the `locations` array.

The lookup line is provided. Inside `moveArtifact`, if the artifact exists, push a new object with the given `gallery` and `year` onto its `locations` array.

# --hints--

You should have a function named `moveArtifact` with parameters named `id`, `gallery`, and `year`.

```js
assert.isFunction(moveArtifact);
const regex = __helpers.functionRegex('moveArtifact', ['id', 'gallery', 'year']);

> assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(code), regex);

Reviewer: You can replace this with AST helpers. Please refer to the [AST Helpers documentation.](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/curriculum-help/#typescript-helpers).
